HOW LUCKY ARE YOU
How strongly do you agree/disagree with the statements? Use the scale below.
1 strongly disagree 2 disagree
3 uncertain 4 agree 5 strongly agree
1 I sometimes chat to strangers when queuing in a
supermarket or bank.
2 I do not have a tendency to worry or feel anxious
about life.
3 I am open to new experiences, such as trying new
types of food or drinks.
4 I often act on my gut feelings and hunches. 5 I have tried some techniques to boost my intuition,
such as meditation or just going to a quiet place.
6 I nearly always expect good things to happen to me
in the future.
7 I tend to try to get what I want from life, even if the
chances of success seem slim.
8 I expect most people that I meet to be pleasant,
friendly and helpful.
9 I tend to look on the bright side of whatever happens
to me.
10 I believe that even negative events will work out
well for me in the long run.
11 I don't tend to dwell on things that haven't worked
out well for me in the past.
12 I try to learn from mistakes I have made in the past.



However unlucky you have been in life,
there is always a chance that things will work (1) well in the (2) ＿ ＿ run. Take the story of Ted Williams. Will Williams was a homeless man living on the streets of Columbus, Ohio, US. His chances of success in life seemed (3)
While begging on street corners, he held up a sign saying he had the 'gift' of a golden voice. Passersby (4) a tendency to ignore the homeless, but a videographer called Doral Chenoweth saw Williams and, going with a gut (5) , asked Williams to prove his talent on film. In his beautiful bass voice, Williams began imitating a radio announcer, and Chenoweth put the clip on YouTube. Eight million hits later, Williams was a star. He received job offers from numerous radio stations, was interviewed on the 'Today' show, and was even offered a house by a basketball team. Williams has had a difficult life, but he doesn't dwell (6) the drawbacks and he is able to look on the bright (7) of life, and marvel at how one stroke of luck has given him an amazing opportunity.
