Student power -
(T ) One student skipped class and then sent the professor an email message asking for copies of the teaching notes. Another didn’t like her grade and sent a petulant message to the professor. Another explained that she was late for a Monday class because she was recovering from a party. One professor received a message from a student, saying, ‘I’m not sure how to shop for school supplies. Should I buy a binder or a subject notebook? Would you let me know your recommendations?’ At colleges and universities, email has made professors more approachable, but many say it has made them too accessible. They say that students seem to view them as available round the clock, sending a steady stream of email messages - from ten a week to ten after every class - that are too informal or simply inappropriate. Michael J. Kessler, a lecturer at Georgetown University, says ‘The tone that they take in an email is pretty astounding. “ I need to know this and you need to tell me right now.” It’s a fine balance to accommodate what they need and at the same time maintain a level of legitimacy as an instructor. We are authorised to make demands on them, and not the other way round.’ (2 ) Professor Patricia Ewick of Clark University, Massachusetts, said ten students emailed her drafts of their papers days before they were due, seeking comments. Ewick says, ‘It’s all different levels of presumption. One is that I’ll be able to drop everything and read 250 pages two days before I’m going to get fifty of these.’ Robert B. Ahdieh, associate professor of law, said he had received emails with messages such as ‘you’re covering the material too fast’ o r‘I don’t think we’re using the reading as much as we could in class’ or ‘I think it would be helpful if you would summarise what we’ve covered at the end of class in case we missed anything.’ While once professors expected deference, their expertise seems to have become just another service that students, as consumers, are buying. So students may have no fear of giving offence or imposing on the professor’s time. Many professors say they are uncertain how to react to the emails. For example, the professor who was asked about buying the notebook said she debated whether to tell the student that this was not a query that should be directed to her, but worried that ‘such a message could be pretty scary’ and decided not to respond at all. ( з ) Most professors, however, emphasised that instant feedback could be invaluable. One professor said that questions about a lecture or discussion indicated ‘a blind spot’, that the student obviously didn’t understand something. Others have probably hit on the best solution by making rules for email: telling students how quickly the professor would respond, how messages should be drafted and what type of messages they would answer. Meg Worley, an assistant professor of English, tells students that they must say thank you after receiving a professor’s response to an email. ‘The less powerful person always has to write back,’ she said.


Один из студентов пропустил занятия, а затем отправил профессору электронное сообщение с просьбой предоставить копии учебных записок. Другой не понравилась оценка и послала раздражительное сообщение профессору. Другая объяснила, что она опоздала на занятия в понедельник, потому что восстанавливалась после вечеринки. Один профессор получил сообщение от студента: «Я не знаю, как купить школьные принадлежности. Купить папку или тетрадь? Вы дадите мне свои рекомендации? В колледжах и университетах электронная почта сделала профессоров более доступными, но многие говорят, что она сделала их слишком доступными. Они говорят, что студенты, кажется, считают их доступными круглосуточно, посылая постоянный поток сообщений электронной почты - от десяти в неделю до десяти после каждого урока - которые являются слишком неформальными или просто неуместными. Майкл Дж. Кесслер, преподаватель Джорджтаунского университета, говорит: «Тон, который они принимают в письме, поражает. "Мне нужно знать это, и ты должна сказать мне прямо сейчас."Это прекрасный баланс, чтобы учесть их потребности и в то же время поддерживать уровень легитимности в качестве инструктора. Мы уполномочены требовать от них, а не наоборот. ' (2 ) Профессор Патриция Эвик из Университета Кларка, штат Массачусетс, сказала, что десять студентов отправили ей черновики своих работ за несколько дней до срока, чтобы получить комментарии. Эвик говорит: «Это все разные уровни презумпции. Во-первых, я смогу бросить всё и прочитать 250 страниц за два дня до того, как получу 50 таких. 'Роберт Б. Ахдиех, адъюнкт-профессор права, Я не думаю, что мы используем чтение так много, как мы могли бы в классе или я думаю, было бы полезно, если бы вы резюмировали то, о чем мы говорили в конце класса, на случай, если мы что-то упустим. В то время как когда-то профессора ожидали уважения, их опыт, кажется, стал еще одной услугой, которую студенты, как потребители, покупают.Так что студенты могут не бояться обидеть профессора или навязать ему свое время. Многие профессора говорят, что они не знают, как реагировать на письма. Например, профессор, которой задали вопрос о покупке блокнота, сказала, что она спорила о том, следует ли говорить ученику, что это не вопрос, который должен быть адресован ей, но беспокоилась, что «Такое сообщение может быть довольно пугающим' и решила вообще не отвечать.Однако большинство профессоров подчеркнули, что мгновенная обратная связь может быть бесценной. Один профессор сказал, что вопросы о лекции или дискуссии указывают на то, что ученик явно что-то не понимает. Другие, вероятно, нашли лучшее решение, создав правила для электронной почты:рассказать студентам, как быстро профессор ответит, как должны быть составлены сообщения и на какие сообщения они будут отвечать. Мег Ворли, ассистент профессора английского языка, говорит студентам, что они должны сказать спасибо после того, как они получили ответ профессора на электронную почту. Ч Менее влиятельный человек всегда должен ответить, сказала она.
