p 233 all

1. Pablo Picasso once claimed that age only mattered when one was ageing. He said that as he had arrived at great age, he might just as well be twenty. 
"Age only matters when one is ageing. I have arrived at great age, I may just as well be twenty"

2. Writer George Bernard Shaw once said that the liar's punishment was not that he was not belived, but that he could not believe anyone else.
The liar's punishment is not that he is not belived, but that he can not believe anyone else.

3. Groucho Marx once asked a club to accept his resignation because he didn't want to belong to any club that would accept him as a member.
Groucho Marx once asked a club: "Accept my resignation because I don't want to belong any club"

4. President John F Kennedy once told the American people to ask not what their country could do for them, but to ask what they could do for their country. 
President John F Kennedy once told the American people: "Don't ask your country what your country can do for you, but ask, what you can do for your country"


Worries about Internt use
A RECENT SURVEY into Internet use has throw up some worrying result. The Stanford University survey asked respondents how much time 1)they spent
on the internet and 2)whether Internet use had affected the amount of time they spent with family and friends. It also enquired whether their Internet
use 3)have increased the time respondents spent working, eiher at home or in the office. The answers were interesting, but not unexpected. Two-thirds of
the people surveyed responded that 4)they still spent fewer than five hours a week on the Internet. They survey concludes that the behaivour of these 
people 5)has changed little. However, a quter of those people who do use the Internet for more than five hours a week claimed that they spent less time 
with their family and friends. One in four of the total respondents also said that the time they spent working at home 6)increases, benefiting their 
employers.
Proffesor of Political Science at Stanford, Norman Nie, 7)explains us that we are moving from a world where we know and see neighbours and friends to 
one where interaction 8)takes place at a distance. He asked rhetorically whether 9)could we get a hug or hear a warm voice over the Internet. It seems
that the result of the survey prove that the Internet 10)is turning people into solitary beings who can't be bothered to call their  mother on her birthday. 



1

1. There was a lot of rice left, so we had to have potatoes with pur curry.
2. There was very little rice left, so we had to have potatoes instead. 
3. There were a few potatoes left, so we had to have rice with our meal. 
4. There were very few potatoes left, so we had to have rice with our meal. 


2. 

Cisis in science education.
Companies are complaning there aren't enought students taking science subjects now,
especially physics. The problem, it seems, is that many students see science subjects
as too difficult, when there are a lot of esier options, such as media studies. Professor
Jennifer Cousins of Exmouth University comments: "This is becoming a serious problems. 
Very few students are choosing to study science subjects these days, which means that
there aren't enough graduates applying for jobs in the industrial sector. The way I see
it, there are too many courses competition between graduates that most students 'play safe'
and take courses they feel more confident in. At present they have a little incentive 
to choose scientific subjects because science is seen as both difficult and boring. We must
introduce a few more excitement into science in schools."

3

J: Let's get something to eat. Are there (0)many restaurants here? 
A: Yes, there are quite (1) many, but there's(2) not much variety. What kinds of
food do you like?
J: Well, I eat too (3)much junk food so I'd prefer something different. Are there any
British restaurants here? 
A: Yes, but (4) not many. There are only two, I think, and they're expensive. Do you eat 
much Indian food?
J: Well, I have tried (5) a little Indian food before, but I'm not very keen on it - 
sorry, Ali. I know you love it. What about Chinese? 
A: Oh, there are so (6) a lot Chinese restaurants here that everyone gets bored with Chinese
food! I know - we both like Italian. Let's go to Giovanni's. 




