I work as a system administrator. I need to have some skills For my work , example 
work accurately because I can delete very impotant iformation,
I must make backups of impotant information of my company, if something happens I'll able to recover the information.
Good skill for me is to speak more than one language, because all documentation for software or harware is in English, I need to read and understand English.
I need to remember a lot of information, because my company has big hardware and software infrustructur. Obviously I must have good skill of computer.
Also I help people. I need have soft skills good comunicative  I work as a system administrator I solve the people problems  with computer. 
I need prioritise because usualy I have too many task to do and I should set priorite because tasks have difrent prioritet.
Some time I need work from home because bussine needs work 24/7. 

I work as a system adminisrtaor -> I said that I work as a system administrator.  
I have experience of working as a system administrator for about 5 years. -> I said that I have experience of working as a system administrator for about 5 years. 
I have gone to Andorra 3 times -> I said that I had gone to Andorra 3 times. 
I bought new shoes -> I said that I had bought new shoes.
I went to a gym yesterday -> I said that I had gone to a gym the day before. 
I was reading a book when I was going in undegraund -> I said that I had been reading a book when I was going in undegraund. 
I was drinking coffee when I was doing this task -> I said that When I had been doing this task I had been dinking coffee.


1. She said that her name is Jasie and she came from Brazil.
2. She said that she was living in London and working in a cafe.
3. She said that she had been there for three months and she really liked it, but she missed family and friends too.
4. She said that she wanted to go back home at Cristmas, but she didn't earn  very much money, so she couldn't afford the flight. 
5. She said that when she had phoned her brother the day before, and that he was going to visit her the next month.
6. She said that maybe she would ask him to lend her some money. 
7. She said that when she went back to Brazil, she would never forget her experiences in England. 
8. She said that she had made a lot of great friends. 

Wb p 72 All 
   p 75 ex 7
   
   1. We weren't allowed to smoke at my school.
   2. In my last job we could ask the computer engineer to help if we had problems. 
   3. I din't have to pay the extra money in the end. 
   4. Were you allowed to go to parties when you were younger?
   5. They had to wait for three hours before they were allowed into the exhibition. 
   6. I was allowed to use my mobile phone because I was in the library. 
   7. Did you had to wait a long time to get a refud? 
   8. We had to leave our suitcases at the airport so that they could be checked.
   9. You aren't allowed to wear shoes in here. 
   10. In my last school, we weren't allowed use the internet for more than twenty minutes. 
   
   1. School are different nowadays. They used to be much worse
   2. When I went to school we weren't allowed to wear own clothes, we
   3. had to wear a uniform. And our skirts had to be long enought to cover 
   4. our knees. Our teacher would make us kneel down and check 
   5. that our skirts touched the floor. We had to wear dark, flat shoes,
   6. with no heels, and we weren't allowed to wear make-up. This was a boarding
   7. school, so we stayed at the school for the whole term, but
   8. we were allowed to go into town twice a week. I always went with friend.
   9. We could go to the shops to buy sweets and drinks, or to the library, but
   10. we couldn't go to the cinema until we were in the final year. I used to love the 
   11. summer holidays, when I could go home, and I didn't have to follow rules all day long. 
   
   1. Bi-lingual secretary required. Needs to be abel to type fast, speak more than one European language.
   2. Marketing Manager requeired for busy department. Must be able to work well under pressure, 
   give good presentation, and use a range of computer software.
   3. PA needed urgenly for Cheif Executive of HBBS bank. The ideal candidate will be good at 
   dealing with people and making descision. 
   4. Are you good at persuarding people to do things? They you could join our busy
   sales team and earn extra money working from home. For more details contact Mike.Dodge@workfornothing.com
   
   1. At school, we had to play outside in the rain. 
   2. My brother didn't have to show his passport at customs. 
   3. As children, we weren't allowed to talk at the dinner table. 
   4. We could play football every afternoon. 
   5. I wasn't allowed to drive my father's car. 
   6. Unfortunately, we arrived late so we had to sit at the back. 
   7. The talk wasn't very interesting because we weren't allowed ask questions. 
   8. I hope you didn't have to wait too long. 
   
   
   8 
   1. I split up with my girlfriend. 
   2. We didn't find out until later. 
   3. When are you coming back? 
   4. I couldn't carry on because I was tired  
   5. She always turns up late.
   6. Did they come up with any good ideas?
   7. What is going on here? 
   8. The match was called off because of rain. 
   9. The company is going through a difficult period. 
   10. I can't put up with him any more.  
   
   9
   1. I will not put up with this noise! If it continues I'll call the police! 
   2. If you want to come up with the history of science, you'll need to look in the library. 
   3. I don't need a break. I'm going to carry on working. 
   4. It was a quite party. There were only six of us, thought more people turn up later.
   5. Can someone explain? I have no idea what's going on. 
   6. She went through a difficult period when she lost her job, but she's OK now. 
   7. Couples usually split up because of jealousy or boredom, or because they find other partners!
   8. My best friend is coming back from her holidays tomorrow, so I'm going to the airport to meet her.
   9. You need to come up with a plan to improve your business, because you are losing money. 
   
   
   A
   1. Last week, I had to look c)after five clients from Portugal.
   2. First, I showed them around b) the old Town.
   3. I certainly look forward f) to seeing them again .
   4. I hope I can take g) up their invitation next summer.
   5. One of them did not turn h) up unfortunately. 
   6. The food was dekicious, and we all got on really well.
   7. Then, I took them out e)to a very good restaurant.
   8. They said I should a) come over and see them in Coimbra.
   
   B
   a) 1 b) 5 c) 2 d) 7 e) 6 f) 8 g) 4 h) 3 
   
   C
   1. Eric was so busy that he turned down our invitation for dinner. 
   2. They called off the meeting because of the flu epidemic.
   3. Our hosts looked after us extremely well. 
   4. They ran down a 1000 $ bill at the Astoria restaurant last week. 
   5. Companies now have to cut down(into) corporate gift giving.
   
   D 
   
   


1. I'm looking forward to meeting with my girlfriend when she arrives in Moscow we'll walk and look around. 
2. I want to take out my girfriend to a restaurant and I turned down all my plan on the weekend. 
3. After my sisters cat turned up in  our life I need look after it sometimes.

My Grammer Lab  p 276 ex 2 
                p 277 ex 6
5 examples with frasel verbs  plus 2 aricels from alexander book 

p276  ex 2 
Welcome to the 155th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race.
The crews are on the river beneath me - I'm standing on Putney Bridge.
Oxford are the favoutites this year, but they've had to
leave their strongest rower out of the boat as he has 
been unwell recently. Right, they're ready to 1)set off.
And they're off! Cambridge immediately take the lead and Oxford are falling behind... it seems that
they're struggling to 2)keep up with Cambridge today... It's bit foggy on this bend; I can't 3)make   
them out very clearly, but I think that Oxford are getting faster.
Yes! They had a very slow start but they're 4) make up for it now.5)Look out Cambridge!
They're 6)catch you up! 
Now Cambridge are starting to speed up again, but Oxford are right behind them. Don't
give up, Oxford, you're nearly there! You're coming to the last bent..
There's the finish line and it's neck and neck, but Oxford are pulling ahead. Yes, that's it! After a terrible
start, Oxford have 8) turn the race round and won! Well done, Oxford! 

p277 ex 6

0) We're looking forward to your paty.
1) I've decided to cut sweet and chocolate down. 
2) What time did the plane take off in the end? 
3) What does that sign say? I can't quite make it out.
4) Come on! Run faster! You have to keep up with them . 
5) You know? I can never work the answers to these awful number puzzles in this magazine out. 
6) The children next door are so noisy. I don't think I can put up with it for much longer.
7) Your boots are filthy! Please take them off before you come in the house. 
8) I know I've had a lot of time off work, but I'm going to make up for it. 

  
    

I want to move to Swizerland and I'm not giveng up and I'm trying to do it. 
My English is not good and sometimes I make up that I understand nothing in English.
I think I needed start lern English earlier but I'm trying make up for it. 
I am looking forward to meeting with my girlfriend I hope that I'll set off to Swezerland very soon 
Look out when you are crossing a road. 



10 examples with frasel verbs  plus 2 aricels from alexander book 
WB p81 ex 5 dialog 



1. I took up English because I want to read english books, speak english. 
2. I can't give up eating junk food but I'm trying making up for. 
3. I want to find out how I can go to Switzerland in this difficult time. 
4. I don't like filling in a document, because when you are doing it you need to look out. 
5. When I was a child my sister looked after me. 
6. I don't keep up with modern technologies.
7. After I bought a new device I need sometime to make out how it works. 
8. Ones I took part in a snowboarding competion I didn't take any prize. 
9. I'm looking forward to the time I'll be able to speak English very well and I'll be able to work in Switzerland. 
10.I'm looking up information about how I can to go Switzerland in this difficult time. 

SB p141 ex 5
WB p 82 ex 4 
   p 83 ex 6,7 
   
         5 
 I love the look of moutains with snow on top, I like snow and I like snowboard. After I finished 
 going snowboards I like drink a hot wine, I love the smell of hot wine. After a glass hot wine
 I like eat somethink example pasta with cheese else I like sendwich with freesh bread, I love
 taste of fresh bread. After diner I go down to a vilage, my girlfriend likes dancing and
 sometimes we go to a bar with club music but I don't like the sound of club music. 
 But most of all love the feel of coold winter wind on my face, it reminds me of the time when 
 I'm going to down on my board and I admire the beautiful mountain views.
 
  b
   p 82  ex 4 
   

 1. We called picnic off  because it was raining. 
 2. Can you tell me what is going on?
 3. You have to come up with a solution
 4. Jean always turns up late. 
 5. Climbers can put up with cold weather.
 6. I'll find out what happened last night.
 7. They're going through a difficult period.
 8. When are you planning to come back?
 9. They've split up several time before. 
 10. Carry on running  for as long as possible. 

   p 83 ex 6 
1. I played a part in the sports club.
   I was involved in the sports club 
2. My mother was a great gardener. Her example made me want to be a gardener. 
   She inspired me to become a gardener.
3. Sandra is good at singing, drawing, basketball and French. 
   She is quite talented.
4. Jessie has a lot of courage. She isn't frightened of anything.
   She is really brave.
5. Lucy never stops trying. She never gives up.
   She is very determined
6. My grandfather spent his whole life caring for animals. 
   He dedicated his life to animals. 
7. My teacher makes us want to do our best. 
   He encourages us to do our best. 
8. Javier is a genius at maths.
   He is briliant at maths. 
   
         p 83 ex 7 
1. I love the sound of rain. 
   I love the sound of children paying. 
2. Can you remind me to call Judy?
   Can you remind me to send that email?
3. This food tastes like cheese.
   This food tastes delicious.
4. I've lost my watch.
   I've lost some money. 
5. That reminds me of last weekend. 
   That reminds me of my grandmother.
6. She doesn't like feeling of stone.
   She doesn't like feeling tired.
7. It sounds like a great book.
   It sounds fantastic.
8. Don't forget to send me a postcard. 
   Don't forget your towel. 
9. I can't remember my neighbour. 
   I can't remeber of that film.
10. You look like my sister. 
    You look very beautiful. 


SB p144 all 

1

1. I have to read so many books! I wish I wasn't such a slow reader.
2. She's so full she can't sleep. She probably wishes she had't eaten so much. 
3. I loved Disneyland! I wish I had gone there the last time I was in the US.
4. He hates taking trains. He wishes he had a car. 
5. There are some job vacancies in the Bahamas. Don't you wish you could't work there? 
6. My favourite films was on TV yesterday, but at 1.00 am. I wish they had showen it earlier.
7. Those children have been inside all day. They probably wish they could play outside.
8. It is such beautiful weather! Do you wish you were on holiday?

2

A: I knocked on the door last night but you didn't answer. What were you doing? 
B: Oh, sorry. I was listening to music and I didn't hear you.

A: Did you have a good weekend? 
B: Yes, we went for a picnic.
A: In the rain? 
B: No! The rain had stoped by the time we got to the park.

A: Why didn't you go to the New Year party? We missed you.
B: I was exhausted because I had got back from Australia that morning. 
A: Really? What were you doing there? 
B: I was visiting my cousins.

3

1. I saw a friend after many years. She looked very different. 
She had changed a lot.
2. The book was completely new to me. 
I had never read it before.
3. Tom was in the pool from 6.15 a.m. to 6.45 a.m 
At 6.30 he was swiming. 
4. Javed didn't break the window at midnight. 
He was sleping in his room at midnight.
5. I couldn't cross the border into Mexico.
I had lost my passport.
6. Lola went to an interview every day.
She was looking for a job.

4

1. We split up after many years / because we argued a lot
2. I went though a difficult time / hell
3. They turned up on time / to watch the match.
4. We called off the party / our arrangement.
5. I put up with the press / those stupid comments.
6. He won't find out if we don't tell him / about the money.
7. What's going on here? / today? 
8. I'd like to carry on working / playing next year

5 

The smell of dry grass always 1)reminds me of my
grandmother. She lived in the countryside, and 
kept 2) horses. When I 3)terned up at weekends, she would take 
me out riding in the 4)woods. She loved children and 
5) dedicated her life to helping children who could not
read or write. She started a special school, and 6) encouraged
parents to bring their children to her for help. When the local
goverment 7) found out what she was doing, they helped her to
open schools in other towns. Many of them are still open today.





Homework 👆 ex 4-5 (Skype)
 
4

There haven't been many famale explorers and adventures but one of the best-
known was Mary Kingsley. Born in London in 1862, Kingsley  
(1) travelled to parts of Africa where few western women 
(2) had ever travelled before.
Mary's father was a doctor who was (3)enjoying travelling, studying the
diffrent customs of people around the world. Her mother was an invalid, and
much of Mary's early life (4)had spent nursing her, until she died in 1892, 
only a few weeks after Mary's father (5) had passed away.
As men in those days (6)used to be responsible for the women in their
family, Mary stayed with her younger brother until he decided to travel to China
in 1893. Now free, Mary travelled to west Africa with the intention of completing
the book her father (7)had been writing at the time of his death. 
From then to 1895, Mary travelled down the coast of West Africa. While she 
(8) was travelling she (9) collected specimens of 
tropical fish for the British Meseum, as well as meeting the people and 
gathering material for her book. When she returned to England in 1895, she
(10) wrote her book 'Travels in West Africa', which immediately
became a bestseller.
Mary (11)returned to Africa in 1899, this time to South Africa,
where the Boer War (12) had just broken out. She volunteered 
as a nurse, but after only a few months caring for Boer prisoners of war, she
became ill herself, and died in 1900, at the age of only thirty-seven.

5

1. It's Friday and I heard from Julian on Tuesday about the job application. (Ago)
   I heard from Julian few days ago  about the job application.
2. Before we were aware of global warming, we drove bigger cars. (drive)
   Before we were aware of global warming, we had driven bigger cars.
3. They enquired at five hotels before they found one with a vacancy. (had)
   After they had enquired at five hotels, they found one with a vacancy.
4. The play was cancelled when the group was in the middle of rehearsals. (rehearsing)
   The group was rehearsing when the play was cancelled.
5. Fuad finally mastered English after two years in New York. (living)
   Fuad had been living in New York for two years before he finally mastered English.
6. We spent the summers at the seaside when we were little, but we wouldn't swim in the sea very often.(use)
   We spent the summers at the seaside when we were little, but we didn't used to swim in the sea very often.

I wish + pharasel verbs   & 
ex  Как бы я хотел чтобы они отменили карантин месяц назадю  

1. I wish I was in Switzerland but our government hasn't call off lockdown. 
2. I wish my boss hadn't cut down my salary.
3. I wish I had taken up English erlier.
4. I wish I had been careful and I hadn't broken my shoulder.
5. I wish I could make out in everything.
6. I wish I could set off to Switzerland. 
7. I wish I could take part in a competision.

catch up          догнать
give up           сдаваться
keep up with      поспевать за 
leave out         пропустить    
look out          быть осторожным 
make out          разобраться 
make up for       исправиться 
set off           отправляться
turn round        оборачиваться
find out          выяснять 
fill in           заполнять что-то 
looking after     присматривать  
turned up         появитсья
taking out        выезти куда либо
look around       осмотреть   
look forward to   ждать с нетерпением 
take part in      принимать участие 
take up           начать заниматься чем-то
turn down         сделать тише  
speak up          говрить громче
speak Out         выговориться
cut down          сократить 
take off          снять что-то 
give in           сдавать 
look up           посмотреть что например в базе
I can't stand     я терпень не могу

MGL 239(250) ex 3,4 
MGL 86(97) All 
Alexander's book two text

3 

1. We arrived at the theatre eraly so that we could get good tickets.
2. I going swiming every day to lose weight.
3. Since you don't have any money, I'll have to pay for your meal. 
4. I got up early not to be late for the job interview. 
5. The fish are packed in ice to stay fresh for the journey.
6. I couldn't play football for six months because of my broken leg.
7. Louis studied English in order to understand American films. 
8. We didn't have a holiday last summer because we didn't have enough money. 

4

1. I'm studing English so that I can read, write, speak in English and work in Europe.
2. I enjoy snowboarding because I like snow and mouantins. 
3. I'd like to read books because when you are reading you are developing.
4. I can't stand arrogant people because of their arrogance.

86(97)

1

1. Sarah needs help with her homework. She doesn't understand the maths.
2. Don't go there! That sign means 'danger'!
3. Yves is very good-looking. He has blue eyes and black hair. 
4. Do you have any tickets left for tomorrow evening? 
5. I feel terrible; I think I have a cold.
6. Children often have difficult in sharing their toys. 
7. This laptop has a number of interesting features. 
8. Sorry, but we don't have any lamb steaks today. 

2

1. She usually lives with friends, but now she has a house just for herself. 
2. She usually wears trousers to work, but today she is wearing a summer dress. 
3. She usually watches TV at the weekend, but this summer she id visiting the sights in Athens.
4. Most summers she doesn't earn very much, but this summer she is geting more money. 
5. Most summers she feels tired and overworked, but this summer she is feeling really happy.

3

1. Sally works from home. Her office is in her home. 
   Samantha is working from home. She is at home today to wait for a builder.
2. David's cold. The herating is turned off.
   Derek has a cold. He feels ill.
3. Steve always plays his guitar in the evening. I don't mind his guitar playing.
   Simon is always playing his guitar in the evening. His guitar palying annoys me. 
4. Marianne's living in Edinburhg. She usually lives in London. 
   Marie lives in Edinburgh. She doesn't live in London. 
5. Teresa loses weight every year. She always eats less in the summer.
   Thea is losing weight. She's on a good diet.
6. Heidi is a good doctor. She has lots of experience. 
   Helen's got a good doctor.She visits her when she feels ill.
7. Paul travels a lot on business. He's an international salesman. 
   Patrick is travelling on business. He's on a plane. 
  
MGL 118(129) all
MGL 119(130) ex 4

1

1. We still haven't heard from our grandson.
2. Have you done the shopping yet?
3. No thanks, I've already eaten.
4. Have you tried Indian food before? 
5. It's been two years since I gave up eating sugar.
6. Has she been ever horse-riding? 
7. Have you recently seen old geodraphy teacher?
8. That's the doorbell - I just think Carrie's arrived.
9. I haven't been on a good holiday for a long time.
10. This is the best essay I've read so far.

2

Hi Stewart
I'm sorry it's been so long since I wrote you, but you know how I've been busy for I last 
saw you. I've just finished my first month in the new job and it's really hard work. But I've
always wanted to be a mechanic so I suppose I can't complain now that I am one! Actually, the
job isn't too bad. Last week I've worked on a Ferrari and that was pretty exciting! We got all
kinds of cars and customers in the garage. I've never met so many strange ppeople before!
My boss is quite nice. He worked at the garage for years and years, so he's very experienced.
He has given me a lot advice since I started and he doesn't mind helping me when I'm not sure
what to do. He's yet told me he thinks I'm going to be one of their best mechanics one day.
Of course I need to get a lot more experience before that happens!
Anyway. How are you? Have you got a wedding invilation yesterday? Sarah Bradshaw is
getting married to Simon Wates! I've never seen her for ages but it's fantastic news and I'm 
really happy for her. Are you going to the wedding?

3

1. 'Your houseplants look very dry.' 'I know. I've not watered them recently.'
2. I've been playing this game for over two hours and I still haven't reached level 2!
3. I've washed this shirt three times and I still can't get that stain out.
4. 'What about this book?' 'No. I have not alredy read that one. 
5. 'Your shoes are dirty.' 'Yes. I've worked in the garden.'

4

S: Good morning. Can I help you?
C: Yes. I've seen one of your cars on the Internet and I'd like to arrange a test drive.
S: Of course. Have you take a test drive with us before? 
C: No, I have not. 

C: Hello. Carrie Simpson.
F: Carrie. It's Fred here the garage. I have been working on your car all morning and I can't find anything wrong with it.
C: Oh. Did you look under the car? 
F: Yes. I've already done that and it seems to be fine.
C: Well, I heard a strange noise when I drove it yesterday. 

M: I know I look dirty. I've been cleaning the attic all day.
J: Oh, really? I haven't been up there for ages.
M: Yes, there's dust and rubbish everywhere. I've already brought most of the stuff downstairs.
J: What about those old suitcase?
M: I haven't look at them yet. I'll do that tomorrow.

