Peter is a student. He lives in a hostel. He has the lessons five times of week.
Saturday and Sunday He doesn't go to the university. Peter works out and he interested in music. 
He very often go to concerts. He plays the violin and he takes part in student concerts.
Peters subject history of Russia and he studies Russian, but He doesn’t know yet, how he’ll be. 
He has friends from Russia. These friends study English. 
They write regularly letters each other, sometimes they have conversation on the phone. 
Peter usually speak English, but his friends speak Russian, but they understand each other. 




1. War Without Guns is very popular film it is blockbuster. 
2. Damien is not a famous actor, this film was his debut.
3. Yes, He wanted be an actor since eight years old after his mother show him film with Tom Cruise "Top Gun"
4. Yes. Yes. He is a very successful actor.
5. Damien plays very popular photographer, how follows the War around the world. 
6. Yes, this film is about Relationship between main character his wife, his daughter, grandson.  
7. Yes, Cristian Daz plays Damien's wife in the movie. 
8. I think he doesn't like this war.


1 Mr Bean thought the restaurant was good because he saw people sitting in this restaurant and they are drested very well, 
and on all table there was a vase with flowers. 
2. Bean pull the chair away from the manager because the waiter or the manager held the chair and wanted to help Mr Bean sit down 
but Mr Bean didn't understand it and pulled the chair.
3. The waiter think Mr Bean is stupid because when he offered to try wine mr Bean agreed, but then refused the wine and said he was driving.
Why did mr Bean taste the wine if he was drive it was very stupid.
4. The wooman look angried at Mr Bean because he knocked on glasses and plates. 
5. Mr Bean think he was clever when he played on glasses and plates and when he hided tartar.
6. Mr Bean threw a napkin on another table.


2
1. How are you?   
2. What's he doing? 
3. Are you ready, sir? 
4. That man's really stupid! 
5. I'll try that! 

1. This question was asked by the manager, when he greeted mr Bean. 
2. Mr Bean thought about it when he saw that the manager was holding the chair. 
3. This question was asked by the waiter when he took the order. 
4. That man's really stupid! thought the wooman who was sitting next to him when he was on glasses and plates.
5. I'll try that! Answer mr Bean when the waiter offered him wine. 

3
Mr Bean couldn't see the food because ...
Mr Bean smelled the meat because ....
Mr Bean wasn't happy with the steak tartare because...
Mr Bean pretendet to smell the flowers because...
Mr Bean ate the middle of the bread roll so that...

1. Почему мистер Бин думал, что ресторан был хорошим рестораном на ужин в честь его дня рождения? 
2. Почему мистер Бин отодвинул стул от менеджера? 
3. Почему официант считает мистера Бина глупым? 
4. Почему женщина выглядела злой на мистера Бина? 
5. Почему мистер Бин думает, что он умный? 
6. Что случилось с салфеткой мистера Бина? 

2
1. Как ты?
2. Что он делает? 
3. Вы готовы, сэр? 
4. Этот человек очень глуп! 
5. Я попробую! 

3
Мистер Бин не мог видеть еду, потому что...
Мистер Бин понюхал мясо, потому что .......
Мистеру Бин не понравился тартар из стейка, потому что...
Мистер Бин притворился, что нюхает цветы, потому что...
Мистер Бин съел середину булочки, чтобы..













Интересно, кто главный герой в этой истории.
I wonder, who the main character in this story.

Я предпочитаю электронные книги бумажным.
I prefer e-books to paper books.

Он не любит сидеть на первом ряду.
He doesn't like sit on front range.

В воскресенье шел дождь.
It was rain on Sunday.

Мы вместе смотрим кино хотя бы раз в неделю.
We watch a film together one a week.

Этот персонаж постоянно ездит на машине. Он боится летать на самолете.
This character regularly goes to a car. He's afraid fly on a plane.

Почему ты им восхищаешься? Он же не делает ничего особенного!
Why do you admire him? He doesn't do special nothing.

Я хочу научиться снимать кино.
I want to learn how to make a film. 

Разве ты не думаешь, что загрязнение океана – это огромная проблема?
Don't you think that ocean pollution is a huge problem?

Его день рождения в мае – мы всегда едим шашлыки в этот день. Мы едем к озеру на машине и проводим там весь день.
His birthday in may - We always eat kebabs on this day.

Твои истории всегда такие длинные! Переходи к главному уже!
Your stories always are very long! Go on to the main think already!
